I'm Joy Allen and I'm a single sister and I'm in the first class of the school for Kingdom Evangelizers.
We were just thrilled that the idea of being invited now when they raised the age limit and allowed us to apply.
We were just so thrilled.
But with the schools we've seen constant refinement from MTS to BSC and now the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
We've become much more visual.
We have historic presentations to help them with their spiritual heritage.
We have workshops that help them to see how to really carry out their ministry properly.
I feel better equipped to be a Kingdom Evangelizer.
That Jehovah is really sat us down and showed us how to do it.
So now I would like to express that genuine care for people as well and just be patient.
But at the same time bold like Jehovah's.
I am so happy that single sisters are being accepted to attend this school.
It is an amazing privilege being able to see so many different aspects of Jehovah's personality with different class discussions.
The courses helped me as an Evangelizer.
I feel the urgent need to really go and preach.
Being selected to the first class of SKE was really, really amazing to me.
Jehovah was listening to my prayers and he said, okay, you can come.
Living with our host family has been like a home away from home.
It's amazing how quickly you can feel like your family with somebody that you just met.
And they've gone out of their way to make us feel comfortable and make sure that we had what we needed so we could study and get the most out of the course.
But it's just been nice to also have a friendship along the way.
I was nervous and anxious because of the English not being my first language.
But all those wars went away immediately.
Instructors were really loving and caring and classmates cheering for each other, supporting each other.
And Jehovah helped me through every step.
Proverbs 16, 16, the essence of it says that wisdom and understanding are better than silver and gold.
And the students came to school rich. They had gold.
Some of them got it because they were raised in the truth that was handed to them.
Some gold they gleaned from some surface study.
But what SKE did for the students is it taught them how to mine for gold.
So when they leave the school, they are delving into the Bible as they've never dug into it before.
And that will sustain them in any assignment they are given.
Oh, the students are ready for their assignments. No doubt about that.
They are anxious to get to the field.
They really want to get out there and apply what they have learned.
They want to do the work of an evangelizer and fully accomplish their ministry.
We welcome into class number one of the revised curriculum.
And the name has been changed to school for kingdom evangelizers, which includes single brothers and sisters.
And this class has some single sisters along with a couple.
So this is some history here.
I would recommend this school to anyone who is in a position to accept it.
It will strengthen your bond with Jehovah and with your brothers and sisters.
And it's a beautiful gift and provision that he has made for all of us.
A school like this is evidence.
And we have almost a dozen schools functioning that are educating Jehovah's Witnesses.
We're big about education, but it's divine education.
One thing we've learned is Jehovah can bless more than we can sacrifice.
SKE is a beautiful manifestation of Jehovah's desire to bless each and every one of us.
I highly encourage it.
Stay grateful for the privilege of enjoying and set a good example.
Prove yourselves that you're better ministers than when you got here a couple of months ago.
And you're better citizens of the kingdom now because of your divine education.
First Corinthians 8.1 really helped us to see that this world today,
it may offer things, but knowledge puffs up.
Love builds up in this course.
We're built up.
So I would say if you want, come, be built up by Jehovah.